roast turkey stuffed with sogepa apples
ninechâteau then for our recipe on
needs apple juice from the sage of
butter bones lion 2 apples Jonagold
well panic and naked honey and
turkey fillets a yellow lemon and we're going
start with the state patch in a
stove without fat made
return the pancetta during this time one
peel the apples and we will cut them in
small brunoise the pancetta goes fragrant
all and we just have to drop
apples in small cubes above
is peeled onions and years ages
finely
here we can add now the
onions and apples with pancetta and
cook gently all together
in the fat of the meat we will add
sage
but before we'll chop her finely
that's what sprinkled mix a
little bit and we'll cook a
lemon zest to give a little bit of
freshness and we will also recover
the chu
here is directly with apples and
is then turkey fillets score a
chicken breast but in bigger and bigger
you have to open it so try
of the fim and at most to be able to
prepare our roulades it's not
difficult every time that fart and
cut with the knife and we open on
dirty pears chest and we come
drop our stuffing with apples
onions and pancetta rolls
here you are very careful
close and we're going to tie it all together
of a food yarn have made a
first turn where a first node and one
turn around very slowly for good
sliced ​​together
in a baking dish you put some
butter for well oiled the mold on
remove the meat and add one more
little bit of butter on the outside for
brown the meat well on sale and pepper
here we are going to measure 25 centilitres of
apple juice 4 to 5 tablespoons of
honey
here and we will drop this juice over
meat before baking it we go
bake the meat for 40 minutes in
180 ° what we will do is we go
use the juice to water the meat
every 10 minutes for not having
too dry meat must be done
watch the turkey dries it quickly
that's the 40 minutes are over and
this is our meat
now of course we remove the
string or cut into thin slices and
we remain more than trained
Here life froze outside and
we have a perfect roll with our
stuffing we add a little sauce
a little bit of sage h and on top
and here's our stuffed turkey roast
apples sage and pancetta with like
usually the recipe on our website
lèse point b bon appétit